As a member of the marketing research team I want clear data about the popularity of each item so that I know which products draw interest.As a member of the marketing team I want to know which items people show very little interest in so that we don't waste our time trying to sell those products.As a member of the marketing team I want the data recovered from this project to be displayed in a clear, easy to read way so that we don't waste time trying to decipher. As  a developer I want to create a code that will display three separate images for the user to choose between so that we can tally which items are the users favorite.As a developer I want to avoid having the same image repeat itself right away so that the user gets the options of all of the items we are researching.  As a developer I want to present the collected data in a way that the research team will be able to read easily. As a developer I want to write code that is clean and easy to read in case I, or anyone else, needs to get in and change it in the future.As a member of the focus group I want to work on a system that is easy to use so that I give genuine answers and I'm not deterred by the program itself.As a member of the focus group I want a variety of options to choose from so that I find something that genuinely stands out to me.As a member of the focus group I want to be interacting with a visually pleasing program so that I'm able to focus on products without being distracted by an ugly page.As a member of the focus group I want a program that will respond to my choices quickly so that I don't feel like my time is being wasted.  